1 0 Requesting username...
1 1 Requesting password...
1 5 You are in the main menu. Requesting a command...
5 An error occurred.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Comprehensive list of commands from "help" (some are missing and undocumented):
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------


README         decline        info           rating         stored
Summary        defs           kibitz         ratingstats    teach
addresschange  delete         komi           refresh        team
addtime        done           language       regchange      tell
adjourn        entry          last           reghistory     tgmatch
admin          erase          load           register       time
alias          etiquette      look           RegMessage     title
all            exit           mail           request        tmatch
automatch      FAQ            match          reset          TOC
ayt            find           message        resign         toggle
beep           free           moves          results        tokens
best           freegame       notify         save           trail
bet            ftp            observe        say            translate
byoyomi        games          pass           score          underrated
CC             go             password       sealed         undo
channel        goboard        players        sgf            unobserve
chars          goematch       pmatch         sgfviewing     uptime
chatter        gteach         probability    shogi          usage
chinesechess   handicap       progame        shogirules     user
choice         help           psmail         shogirules1    watching
client         igs            quit           shout          who
commands       IGStitles      rank           stats          yell
coords         index          ranksupport    status

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Short description of commands:
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

        Welcome to the Internet Go Server (IGS) at igs.joyjoy.net 6969
            The IGS WEB page is located at:  http://www.pandanet.co.jp/English/

 This document is a short summary of all the IGS commands and supporting help
 messages.  Please review the commands and other documents separately for a
 full description.  For a list of all the IGS commands, type:  help commands
 When  wanting to view the description of a command (or document), precede
 the command with the word 'help':

         Examples:  help tell   help match   help stats   help

 'help' can be shortened to: '?'

         Examples:  ? tell   ? match   ? stats   ?

 Almost any IGS command, document, or announcement, can be mailed by using
 the 'mail' command.  'mail' uses the registration address, or 'stats'
 address. 'mail me <filename>' will send the requested file.

        Example: to receive a copy of the 'who' command description,
        use:  mail me who

 The IGS help files are purely for IGS usage only. If you are using a client
 please be aware some clients do not make use of all the IGS commands and
 function in a "client mode".  In this case switch to a non-client mode.

 All the help messages have a description, or usage, on how to use the
 command. Often there are square brackets [ ] or angle brackets < >
 enclosing an argument.

        Example:  stats [playername]    match <opponentname>

 Square brackets mean the argument may not be required, and angle brackets
 mean the argument is required. The brackets are not part of the command,
 and should be omitted.

        Examples:  stats   stats tim    match tim

 Most commands on IGS can be abbreviated, unless there is conflict with
 another command with the same beginning letters.

        Example, the command 'kibitz' can be abbreviated as kibi or kib.

 If the abbreviation chosen is too short, a message will appear saying the
 command was ambiguous and needs more characters. Notice, however, the 'stats'
 command cannot be abbreviated because of a conflict with the 'status'
 command.   'stat' would be ambiguous.


 addresschange:  This is the 'register' command. The 'register' command can
 be used to create a new account on IGS, or the update the email address of
 an existing account.

 addtime:  Adds extra time to an opponent's clock during a game.

 adjourn:  Request an adjournment during a game.

 admin:  Lists the email address of the IGS administrators.

 aga:  The American Go Association information.

 alias:  To shorten a command or command sequence to a simpler form.

 all:  List all the observers of a particular game.

 automatch:  An alternative 'match' command to start a game using a preferred
 set of defaults, such as board size and times.  Used in conjunction with the
 'defs' command.

 ayt:  Prints a 'yes' at your terminal to let you know you are still
 connected to IGS.

 beep:  Sends a beep, or bell sound to another person on IGS.

 best:  A listing of players by rank.

 bet:  Used to compare observers' and players' moves.

 byoyomi:  Overtime after the initial time expires.

 CC:  Same as 'chinesechess'.  The Chinese Chess coordinate system on IGS.

 channel:  Channels are a forum, or meeting places, where people are able to
 gather and communicate with each other.

 chars:  The characters used to draw the board.

 chatter:  Commentary during games that does not get recorded in the game
 record.

 chinesechess:  Same as 'CC'. The Chinese Chess coordinate system on IGS.

 choice:  For setting the type of game preference on IGS. Go is the default
 but other choices are 'shogi' (Japanese Chess) and 'chinesechess'.

 client:  A replacement interface for IGS, usually a graphical representation
 instead of a text based interface.

 commands:  The commands used on IGS to interact with other people and IGS.

 coords:  The coordinate system used on IGS to place moves on the board.

 decline:  Refuses a match, after one is offered.

 defs:  Changes the default settings for the 'automatch' command, such as
 preferred board size, times, etc.

 delete:  Deletes an adjourned or 'stored' game. It takes both players to
 delete an unfinished game.

 done:  Used at the end of scoring a game. After both players enter 'done',
 the game will be scored. The results _cannot_ be changed afterwards.

 entry:  A short explanation on how to enter the rating system.

 etiquette:  A set of guidelines intended to address some general Go
 etiquette, as well as the special issues that arise from playing on the
 Internet Go Server, aka IGS.

 erase:  Erases _all_ messages left for an account by other people.

 exit:  Same as 'quit', departure from IGS.

 FAQ:  Common questions and answers document about the rating system.

 find:  A tool for locating other people on IGS by account name and email
 address.

 free:  Allows non-rated games to be played.

 freegame:  An overview of playing non-rated games on IGS.

 ftp:  A minimal explanation for using ftp (File Transfer Protocol).

 games:  Lists games currently in progress.

 go:  The coordinate system on IGS for playing Go games.

 goboard:  An ascii, or text, representation of the Go board, and coordinate
 system.

 goematch:  Used for starting Go games on IGS using the GOE rules of Go. Also
 known as the SST (Stones & Space = Territory) Laws of Go, and the Ing Rules
 of Go.

 gteach:  Similar to the 'teach' command, but uses the GOE rules of Go. Used
 for teaching and reviewing games. One person inputs the moves.

 handicap:  Allows Black to place handicap stones on the board.

 help:  Basic IGS commands and quick introduction to using IGS commands.

 igs:  Condensed listing of all players currently on IGS.

 IGStitles:  Listing of the titles, and title holders, for some major IGS
 tournaments.

 index:  Lists games by selected players available for automatic replay by
 using the 'request' command.

 info:  Allows people to enter information in the 'stats'.

 kibitz:  Game commentary usually made by the observers of a game.  The
 commentary is recorded in the game record.  See also:  chatter

 komi:  Changes the default komi of 5.5 to another value.

 language:  Sets the 'language' preference.  English is the default.

 last:  Displays the last time a person entered IGS.

 load:  Restarts an adjourned game.

 look:  Displays a 'stored' game.

 mail:  Used to email completed game records (sgf), help messages, and
 most announcements to the address listed in 'stats'.

 match:  Basic command for starting a game with another player.  At the end
 of a game, both players must remove _all_ the dead stones.

 message:  Reads messages and allows people to leave messages with other
 players.

 moves:  Lists all the moves of a given game number.

 notify:  Gives notice to you when a particular player has entered IGS.

 observe:  Allows one to observe a game in progress.

 pass:  Used to make a pass move during a game.

 password:  Changes the current password to a new password.

 players:  Similar to the 'who' command.  Lists all the people currently
 logged into IGS.

 pmatch:  Similar to the 'match' command, but uses the GOE (Ing Rules) rules
 of Go.  Primarily for professional GOE tournaments on IGS.  Commentary from
 the observers is not recorded in the game record.

 probability:  Calculates a player's odds against another player.

 progame:  Guideline for playing professional Go players on IGS.

 psmail:  Similar to the 'mail' program, but will only send a PostScript (TM)
 record of a completed game.

 quit:  Same as 'exit', departure from IGS.

 rank:  Sets a player's rank.

 ranksupport:  Displays the supported ranks on IGS, and displays the "rating'
 equivalent.

 rating:  A rank calculated by IGS and given to a player. "Rated" players on
 IGS have a * symbol after their rank.

 ratingstats:  The daily statistics on the rating system.

 refresh:  Redraws a game board during play or observation.

 regchange:  Displays the most recent email address change players have
 made to their 'stats'.

 history:  Displays all email changes a player has made to his 'stats'.

 register:  Registers new accounts on IGS, and allows registered people to
 update their email address.

 RegMessage:  The IGS registration letter.  Contains important information
 and the usage policy.  Probably one of the more important documents on IGS
 and also the least read.

 request:  Automatically replays selected games listed by 'index'.

 reset:  Changes the won/lost record in the 'stats', but has no affect on
 the ratings.

 resign:  Lets a player resign a game in progress, or a 'stored' game.

 results:  Lists completed games results.

 save:  Allows players in a game to save the current board position.

 say:  Can be used by players in a game to send messages to each other, and
 the messages are recorded in the game record.

 score:  Scores a game.

 sealed:  Allows the next move in an adjourned game to be sealed.

 sgf:  sgf stands for "Smart Go Format".  Completed games are saved as sgf
 files, and can be reviewed by sgf readers.

 sgfviewing:  Useful information on sgf readers.

 shogi:  Japanese chess

 shogirules:  Japanese chess rules.

 match julnem W 11 10 10

 shogirules1:  Japanese chess rules illustrated.

 shout:  Broadcasts your message to all players with 'shout' _enabled_.

 stats:  Lists information about players.

 status:  Shows a board position. This information is primarily for clients.

 stored:  Displays a person's adjourned, or stored, games.

 teach:  A teaching and game reviewing tool.  One person enters all the moves

 team:  Allows 4 and 6 player Go games.  2 against 2, or 3 against 3.

 tell:  The basic command for talking to another person on IGS.

 tgmatch:  Exactly like the 'goematch' command, except _incoming_ 'tell'
 messages are blocked. Primarily for GOE tournament games.

 time:  Displays how much time is left in a game.

 TOC:  The Table of Contents for details on the IGS rating system.

 toggle:  Used to set various options and defaults for a person's account.

 tokens:  Smart Go Format (sgf) notation.

 trail:  Automatically observe any game by a particular player.

 translate:  Utility with several languages to translate many Go terms.

 underrated:  Useful information on underrated players.

 undo:  Use to undo an opponent's last move.

 unobserve:  Stops observing a game, or games, you are observing.

 uptime:  IGS statistics.

 usage:  A part of the IGS registration letter, or RegMessage, on IGS
 policies and usage.

 user:  Similar to the 'who' command, but primarily for listing players
 on IGS by country.

 watching:  Displays the game numbers being observed by you.

 who:  Lists all the players currently logged into IGS.

 yell:  Used for communication in the 'channels'.

   . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .


 If this document is too long for your terminal, use:  mail me Summary

